Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
MILAN
Today's top story is the tension in Milan.
where a demonstration is planned
against the expansion of safe zones.
Demonstrators accuse the new city council
of using the public safety plan
to increase the militarized control
of the city
and the number of CCTV cameras.
The march will leave this afternoon
from the central station
and will arrive
outside the mayor's office.
The debate
over liberalizing weapons is heating up
following the prime minister's statement
in favor of the new bill.
The proposal to liberalize the arms trade.
based on the American model.
is gaining increasing support
among political parties
and could soon end up in Parliament.
IDENTIFICATION
MANTICORE ITALY HEADQUARTERS
3-0-8. 3-0-1. We've made a discovery
that requires an immediate mission.
It's a delicate matter.
Your targets
will be other Manticore agents.
The founders meeting is being held.
but we know that a secret and closed
meeting will take place simultaneously.
between a Manticore France agent
and one from Manticore Germany.
Given that Italy wasn't invited.
we'll go listen to what they say.
We're going to spy on our Sister Agencies?
The meeting will take place
in the main square of Lugano at 4:00 p.m..
and that is all the information you need.
Do not intervene. under any circumstances.
Find out why they're meeting
and report back.
Given the nature of your targets.
no transmissions in or out for today.
We can't communicate.
and you must turn off your tracking.
You'll be on your own.
ZANI
WEAPONS MANUFACTURER
The targeting system's accuracy
is 99.3%. Mr. Zani.
That's nothing new.
And this? Is it new?
It gets through detectors.
And it can transform into
any of our weapons.
What material is this?
I haven't named it yet.
Let's get them into production immediately
I haven't completed the tests.
We need new markets.
And new products attract new clients.
Has something happened?
The Tringalis tried to screw us.
We need to find more trustworthy buyers.
Since when do trustworthy mobsters exist?
They used to exist.
How is the military's order going?
It's ready.
Anything else. Dad?
The European founders are meeting today.
I asked for you to be there with me.
Manticore Italy's future will be decided.
After all. it's your inheritance.
MANTICORE NETWORK
CONNECT - YES
ITALY - SWITZERLAND BORDER
- So? Finish the story.
- So...
I met her at the supermarket.
She didn't know which wine to choose.
and so "Stefano" arrived.
the expert sommelier.
- Sommelier this time?
- I kept it simple.
Remember last time.
when I was a pharmaceutical rep?
- Of course.
- My God.
Doesn't it bother you knowing
that people close to us
don't know how fucking good we are?
No.
- Come on. you get it.
- Yes. I get it.
Anyway. no.
Every now and then. I consider it.
- What?
- Quitting.
- You can't.
- I know.
Did you hear about 2-8-1?
He lasted three days. then...
Him and his wife.
Why the fuck did we get into this?
13 YEARS EARLIER
Sara! They can't come home
to this mess! Please.
Sara. they're about to land.
Please.
Dad and Mom are about to land.
They'll be mad at me. not you.
You're so silly.
MANTICORE NETWORK
DISCONNECT - YES
SWISS ALPS
What should we expect?
Ettore.
- Hi. Edo.
- Cecile.
The Zanis.
I'm not used to seeing you here anymore.
Cecile.
Wolfgang.
Let's go.
Three more years?
LUGANO. SWITZERLAND
SURVEILLANCE CAMERA OFF
South view. clear.
- Cameras disabled.
- North view. clear.
They're already here.
Yes. we'll see.
We can either do it tonight
or tomorrow evening. What do you think?
IDENTIFICATION
DANIELE VITALI
- Hi. how are you?
- Good. you? It's been so long.
Good. Sorry I'm late. but...
I like Lugano.
- The result was worth the wait.
- Seeing me is always worth it.
The café across the square.
The blond guy and the one in a beige coat.
I hope this meeting delivers
on its promise.
You won't be disappointed.
- The blond one has a German accent.
- Bingo.
Bingo.
Once you find the other half of the apple.
there's no time to lose.
I agree. Especially because
we've been waiting for eight years.
The result was worth the wait.
Oh. yeah?
This apple will wreak more havoc
than the one from the Trojan War.
What the fuck are you doing?
Why did you shoot?
- What the fuck is it?
- Definitely not an apple.
He only told us one thing.
"Do not intervene." Fuck!
What are you doing?
DOOR UNLOCKED
- I'm stealing a car.
- What if they can track it?
Then walk!
Fuck!
Edo.
Wait.
Can we talk?
No. Cecile.
It was humiliating enough already.
You're taking it wrong.
And how should I take it?
My father is right.
You're hiding something.
- If you won't tell me. it's over.
- You agreeing with Ettore...
You've really changed.
Do you approve of how he runs the agency?
No. I don't.
And he knows that perfectly well.
I know you have a vision for Manticore.
That I'll never accomplish.
because. at this rate.
you'll force us to close.
What's that saying?
When one door closes. another opens.
How would you like to become the head
of a new territory? A bigger one.
After all. only the Alps separate us.
Two territories that become one.
Two agencies that become one.
Two family names that become one.
Are you proposing to me?
Don't you think it's been too long?
We make mistakes.
but life is long.
and together. you and I can change
the future of Manticore Europe.
You love big ideas.
Don't tell me this isn't one.
I'll think about it.
You'll think about it?
Do you want an answer now?
That's how it usually works.
Usually people get down on one knee.
Give me one day.
Luca.
Luca!
Calm down.
You need to calm down.
There's no time. we have to go.
Go where?
Where? To Matteo?
To tell him about your huge fuck-up?
We couldn't leave it there!
Did you get what the fuck was happening?
Yes. I'm not an idiot.
They were exchanging
two halves of an apple
they've been working on for eight years.
It's a weapon.
They rebuilt the Citadel technology.
And if they're doing it in secret.
keeping us out.
they want to use it against us!
We had no choice.
Fuck.
There's a way out of this. though.
I'm sure.
Yes.
This.
- Luca. what the fuck? Put that down.
- It's the only way.
Otherwise he'll kill me. too.
Luca. listen to me. put that down.
I'm sorry. Diana.
I thought we were in a tight spot.
but Cecile's proposal changes everything.
A new scenario opens up for us.
So. help me understand this new scenario.
Actually. let me guess.
What about a scenario
where your anger was an act?
You knew about Cecile's proposal.
Actually. maybe you suggested it to her.
That's why you had me come with you today.
If that was the case.
I would have told you first.
No.
Because you don't trust me.
It's much easier to manipulate me.
Like you always have.
Matteo.
Mr. Zani. the mission in Lugano
went haywire. there was a shootout.
What?
One of ours killed a French agent.
Does Cecile know about it?
Yes. but she doesn't know it was us.
3-0-1 is missing. only 3-0-8 came back.
How should we proceed?
Interrogate her.
Immediately.
They placed the two objects on the table.
They were about to make the swap.
At that point. Luca opened...
3-0-1 opened fire.
The French agent got hit in the head.
He died.
The German agent returned fire
and started a gunfight.
then he escaped.
At that point. 3-0-1 took the French
agent's object from the table.
- It was a device. Data carrier. maybe.
- Then?
Then. he aimed the gun at me.
And we fought.
- And he shot you.
- Yes.
Luckily. he only hit your arm.
Why didn't he finish you off?
Because we heard the police sirens.
- 3-0-1 ran off.
- And you?
I took a car and I came back to Italy.
Why would 3-0-1 have done that?
I don't know. ask him.
You can be sure we will.
- Now I'm asking you.
- I don't know.
Why would a stupid agent steal something
without knowing what it was?
Maybe he was tired
of being considered a stupid agent.
He met a girl.
He wanted to quit. change his life.
Go get stitched up.
BIOMETRIC DATA ANALYSIS
AGENT 308
LIE DETECTOR TEST
PASSED
CCTV SECURITY CAMERA
NO MATCH
Flight OT9732 from Paris to Milan
has reportedly crashed in the Alps.
The death toll is believed to be 87.
but this has yet to be confirmed.
The cause of the crash is still unclear.
Rescue operations are underway.
but it is unlikely
survivors will be found.
Images are not yet available
from the crash site.
Mom...
Dad...
TRAGEDY IN THE SKIES
INSIDE THE BLACK BOX
BLACK BOX AREA?
CIVILIAN AIR TRANSPORT INVESTIGATIONS
9 YEARS EARLIER
Sara!
The black box was collected
from the crash site at 8:00 a.m.
Okay. 8:12. Look at what time
it was delivered to the Exhibits officer.
- Midnight.
- Yes.
Can you believe it?
In all plane crashes in the last 20 years.
the time between collection and delivery
is three hours.
because securing the black box
is a priority.
This time. 16 hours passed.
There was the witness. the one
who heard the explosion in the sky.
The airline executive
who changed his story.
This is the point.
The black box was missing for 16 hours.
outside of any protocol.
They replaced it to fake a malfunction?
- Yes.
- But who?
There's the signature
of the transportation manager.
The name is illegible.
but it's our only lead.
I need to know who they are
and who they took orders from.
Where did you get this document?
I did what no journalist managed to do
and no police officer wanted to do.
- When's the last time you slept?
- You're such a pain. Sara!
If you think I'm being paranoid. say it.
- Don't treat me like a fool.
- No...
I don't think you're being paranoid.
but you need to stop.
Take a break. You're becoming obsessed.
I'm becoming obsessed?
Sara. until I know why they died.
and who did it. I'm not stopping.
I hope it's clear.
- Where are you going?
- I'm not hungry.
I'm trying to talk to you...
Hey. What's wrong?
Sara.
What are you doing here?
I've been trying to call you all day.
We're leaving. Diana. We're moving.
Italy's not safe.
Hey. are you okay?
I'm a bit tired.
Hey.
Any news?
No.
Still no trace of Agent 3-0-1.
But it's only a matter of time.
I hope so.
Mom.
A slap in the face
and a marriage proposal.
Hey.
How are you?
Good. Good.
What happened?
I don't know...
A drop in blood pressure.
- Something like that.
- What do you mean?
I don't know.
CCTV SECURITY CAMERA
NO MATCH
- We have to go. Let's go.
- Where?
- No. lie down.
- I'm fine.
- Let them examine you.
- Sara. are you a doctor?
- She's not. but I am.
- Good evening.
Heir to the arms empire
weds the daughter
of telecommunications magnate.
It'd be scary even without Manticore.
Yes. but lighthearted like a G8 summit.
Her mother was vicious.
And besides. we already tried.
You were two kids.
Now you're two heirs.
Yes. but I had plans for the agency.
And you don't think
you can make them bigger?
We have different visions for Manticore.
What would yours be?
The same one you sold me on
when you brought me in.
the one you tell every recruit.
To make the world a safer place.
Isn't that what we do?
No. Dad. It's not what we do.
Call Cecile.
To tell her what?
That you were spying on her
while negotiating an alliance with her?
Does she know
it was our agent that killed hers?
She'll be doing her research.
Another reason
to close the deal as soon as possible.
I'm taking the day to decide.
What could possibly happen in a day?
I could fall in love.
I told you to talk to him first.
Ménière disease.
How long have you had it?
A long time.
The last attack before today?
Eight years ago.
Then we need to understand
why the drugs aren't working anymore.
Just tell me how I am. please.
Now. the situation seems stable.
They must have told you
it's an unpredictable. incurable disease.
but it's also controllable because
the symptoms depend on our emotions
and our emotions depend on us.
Shall we try a maneuver?
It might help you.
- A maneuver?
- Yes. don't be afraid.
It can make you feel a bit dizzy
and weak at first.
- then you can have a good sleep.
- Then. no. Thank you.
- Hi.
- Hey.
So?
What?
What's the matter?
Nothing.
- Nothing?
- No. I'm great. don't worry.
You're a liar.
Why do you have a gun in your pocket?
The nurses found it. not me.
Whatever.
Why the gun?
You work in finance. not law enforcement.
Because many people go around armed
in Milan. I'm not the only one.
Isn't that why you live in a village?
You were telling me
that you want to leave. Where to?
Are you going to listen now?
Iceland?
We wanted a quiet place.
I understand. Sara. But I thought Molise.
not Iceland. for fuck's sake.
People are still free there.
- No checkpoints...
- No crime.
Yes. There aren't many places
left like that.
It's getting too oppressive here.
They monitor us everywhere.
- I'm sorry.
- Don't be.
It's for Adele.
- I know.
- She can't grow up here.
When are you leaving?
As soon as possible.
Will you be all right?
We'll be great.
Promise.
- I promise!
- Don't cry.
Come with us.
To Iceland?
- Yes! What's keeping you here?
- Work.
Yes. but you're not happy.
You're always in a rush. always on edge.
If there's nothing keeping you...
CCTV SECURITY CAMERA
MATCH FOUND
...leave everything and come with us.
I wish I could do that. but I can't...
I have things I need to wrap up here.
I can't just leave.
CCTV SECURITY CAMERA
MATCH FOUND
I gotta go. I need to...
I'll explain later. when I get back home.
I have to go...
Where are you going?
I'll explain later. See you at home. okay?
I'll be there soon.
- Diana!
- See you at home. Sara!
Sorry.
Keep moving forward.
Do not stop in groups.
CCTV SECURITY CAMERA
MATCH FOUND
BREAKING NEWS
MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT DISAPPEARED
AMBASSADOR DAHLIA ARCHER IS DEAD
Do you think I'm stupid?
What proof do I have that you
haven't already copied and sold the data?
None. But it's not in my interest
to cheat you.
And what's in your interest?
9 YEARS EARLIER
Sara. what is it?
Hi. Diana.
Hello... Sorry. who's this?
Who's speaking?
Where's Sara?
I'm not with her.
I wanted to be sure you'd pick up.
This is her number.
What the fuck have you done to her?
- Where's Sara?
- It's just a trick.
I'm not with Sara. I'm here with you.
You have to look higher.
What do you want?
To give you three choices.
The first one is entering
the airline's headquarters
to find out
who the man you're looking for is
and. trust me. it's not a good idea.
The second one is going home
and forgetting the whole thing.
which would be the wisest choice.
But I know you won't do it.
The third one is coming to meet me
and finding out the truth.
BACK ENTRANCE
UNLOCKED
Who are you?
Gabriele.
Don't be afraid.
At least not of me.
Of who. then?
Of the people who blew up flight OT9732.
Considering the death of your parents
and 84 other people
as a collateral damage.
The Zani family.
They're among the biggest
arms manufacturers in Europe.
but we fear they're also much more.
I'm part of an agency
that tries to stop people like them.
who make the world a worse place.
And you. Diana. are smart.
You're strong. intelligent and angry.
Join us and we'll get the people
who killed your parents.
I've got the French half of the weapon
and a plan to resurrect Manticore Italy.
May I come in?
You...
Who are you?
We are Citadel.
Diana.
You're not alone.
THIS SEASON ON CITADEL: DIANA
I want to know everything
about Citadel. about the Zanis.
You want a war. Edoardo. I don't.
There are some things
that I can't explain.
If you can't confide in your sister.
then who?
Is there something I don't know?
Manticore must change.
There's a way.
Stay alive.
Don't go home.
Fuck!
We're the good guys.
Who are you?
You're the last one behind enemy lines.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org